Add SystemLink File client example (#17)
ni/systemlink-client-docs: examples/file/stream/README.md

File Stream Example
=================

This is an example console application demonstrating how to use the

> SystemLink File API to upload files from an in-memory stream.

Reviewer: > from an in-memory stream

Might be a silly question, but do we need to specify whether this is on a server or client?

Running the Example
-------------------

1. Download and extract the [repository source](https://github.com/ni/systemlink-client-docs/archive/master.zip).
2. Install the [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core).
3. Navigate to the example's directory and use the [`dotnet run` command](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-run?tabs=netcore21).

To run the example, use the following command:

```
dotnet run -- --server <url> <username> <password>
```

For example: `dotnet run -- --server https://my_server admin "my password"`.

About the Example
-----------------

> This example uploads a single file to the SystemLink server.  The file contents are bytes read from an in-memory stream.  This has the advantage that the file does not need to be written to disk before being uploaded.  A name can be provided for the stream upload which is used as the file name on the server.

Reviewer: Single space after periods here -- partly because it's NI style, but mostly just for consistency w/the rest of the doc.

> This example uploads a single file to the SystemLink server.  The file contents are bytes read from an in-memory stream.  This has the advantage that the file does not need to be written to disk before being uploaded.  A name can be provided for the stream upload which is used as the file name on the server.

Reviewer: > bytes read

What's doing the reading? The server? Could reword to "The file contents are bytes the _________ reads" to avoid passive.

### Sample output

The files uploaded to the SystemLink server can be viewed in the [File Web Application](https://localhost/#fileviewer).  The file details can be explored using a web browser:
![File Viewer](./FileViewer.png "File Viewer")

> Certain file types (ex: txt, png, pdf) can be previewed in the browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Certain file types, such as .txt, .png, or .pdf, can be previewed in the browser.
```
